RON_universal_setup = yes

capital = 804

set_research_slots = 3

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 33
	neutrality = 33
	communism = 34
}

recruit_character = HRZ_acd2
recruit_character = HRZ_fascist_guy
recruit_character = HRZ_ncs
recruit_character = HRZ_nccr
recruit_character = HRZ_aco2
recruit_character = HRZ_communist_guy
recruit_character = HRZ_ai2
recruit_character = HRZ_ar
recruit_character = HRZ_coi
recruit_character = HRZ_acas
recruit_character = HRZ_acgs
recruit_character = HRZ_aa2
recruit_character = HRZ_democratic_guy
recruit_character = HRZ_acr
recruit_character = HRZ_stc
recruit_character = HRZ_awt
recruit_character = HRZ_pot
recruit_character = HRZ_mt
recruit_character = HRZ_ncm
recruit_character = HRZ_nt

