#recruit_character = JAP_naoe_kinoshita
#recruit_character = JAP_kuroki_tamemoto
#recruit_character = JAP_kawamura_kageki
#recruit_character = JAP_itoh_sukeyuki
#recruit_character = JAP_yoshinori_nozu
recruit_character = JAP_kotoku_shusuia
recruit_character = JAP_isoroku_yamamoto
recruit_character = JAP_yoshio_nishina
recruit_character = JAP_hideo_itokawa
recruit_character = JAP_kijiro_nambu
recruit_character = JAP_keiji_fukuda
recruit_character = JAP_jiro_horikoshi
recruit_character = JAP_hideki_yukawa
recruit_character = JAP_yoji_ito
recruit_character = JAP_saburo_arasaka

recruit_character = JAP_tetsu_katayama

recruit_character = JAP_saito_makoto
recruit_character = JAP_keisuke_okada
recruit_character = JAP_koki_hirota
recruit_character = JAP_senjuro_hayashi
recruit_character = JAP_fumimaro_konoe
recruit_character = JAP_kiichiro_hiranuma
recruit_character = JAP_nobuyuki_abe
recruit_character = JAP_mitsumasa_yonai
recruit_character = JAP_hideki_tojo

RON_universal_setup = yes
enable_propaganda_campaigns = yes
 

capital = 282
oob = "JAP_1900"

set_stability = 0.2 #baseline, THE EMPEROR PROTECTS
set_war_support = 0.8
set_research_slots = 4
set_fuel_ratio = 1
add_ideas = {
	limited_conscription
}

recruit_character = JAP_mutsuhito
recruit_character = JAP_yoshihito
recruit_character = JAP_hirohito

recruit_character = JAP_yamagata_aritomo
recruit_character = JAP_tokugawa_iesato
recruit_character = JAP_toyama_mitsuru
recruit_character = JAP_sakai_toshihiko
recruit_character = JAP_kotoku_shusui
recruit_character = JAP_genichiro_fukuchi
recruit_character = JAP_hamaguchi_osachi

recruit_character = JAP_hasegawa_yoshimichi
recruit_character = JAP_oku_yasukata
recruit_character = JAP_fushimi_sadanaru
recruit_character = JAP_fukushima_yasumasa
recruit_character = JAP_oyama_iwao
recruit_character = JAP_katsura_taro
recruit_character = JAP_kamio_mitsuomi
recruit_character = JAP_kawamura_kageaki
recruit_character = JAP_tamemoto_kuroki
recruit_character = JAP_nogi_maresuke
recruit_character = JAP_haraguchi_kensai
recruit_character = JAP_ueda_arisawa
recruit_character = JAP_nagaoka_gaishi
recruit_character = JAP_uehara_yusaku
recruit_character = JAP_yamanashi_hanzo
recruit_character = JAP_yui_mitsue
recruit_character = JAP_otani_kikuzo
recruit_character = JAP_takeji_nara
recruit_character = JAP_hajime_sugiyama #WW2

recruit_character = JAP_kamimura_hikonojo
recruit_character = JAP_togo_heihachiro
recruit_character = JAP_ijuin_goro
recruit_character = JAP_dewa_shigeto
recruit_character = JAP_kanji_kato
recruit_character = JAP_ito_sukeyuki
recruit_character = JAP_inoue_yoshika
recruit_character = JAP_kataoka_shichiro
recruit_character = JAP_kato_sadakichi
recruit_character = JAP_hidaka_sonojo
recruit_character = JAP_uryu_sotokichi

recruit_character = JAP_hara_takashi
recruit_character = JAP_ishii_kikujiro
recruit_character = JAP_yasuda_zenjiro
recruit_character = JAP_takahashi_korekiyo
recruit_character = JAP_makino_nobuaki
recruit_character = JAP_okuma_shigenobu
recruit_character = JAP_saionji_kinmochi
recruit_character = JAP_terauchi_masatake
recruit_character = JAP_goto_shinpei
recruit_character = JAP_arahata_kanson

recruit_character = JAP_murakami_kakuichi
recruit_character = JAP_sakatani_yoshiro
recruit_character = JAP_kanin_kotohito
recruit_character = JAP_kigoshi_yasutsuna
recruit_character = JAP_yoshinori_shirakawa
recruit_character = JAP_tanaka_giichi
recruit_character = JAP_kato_tomosaburo
recruit_character = JAP_oka_ichinosuke
recruit_character = JAP_inoue_ikutaro
recruit_character = JAP_kusunose_yukihiko
recruit_character = JAP_takarabe_takeshi
recruit_character = JAP_yashiro_rokuro

if = {
	limit = {
		has_start_date < 1946.01.01
	}
	add_ideas = {
		state_shintoism
	}
	set_power_balance = {
		id = JAP_interservice_rivalry_bop
		set_default = yes
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_start_date < 1919.01.01
		has_start_date > 1909.01.01
	}
	add_ideas = {
		JAP_zaibatsus
		DNC_naval_arms_race
	}
	activate_advisor = JAP_yamagata_aritomo

	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = neutrality
		last_election = "1908.5.15"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = yes
	}

}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_start_date < 1910.01.01
	}
	add_ideas = {
		JAP_meiji_restoration
		JAP_developed_rail_network
		JAP_wooden_constructions
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_start_date < 1946.01.01
	}
	add_ideas = {
		JAP_bushido_code
	}
}

add_ideas = {
	limited_exports
	partial_economic_mobilisation
	press_censored
	security_major_restrictions
	tax_high
	education_budget5
	health_budget5
	foreign_warmonger
	train_high
	officer_train_high
	tariffs_high
	fdi_banned
	key_industries
	age_18
	age_35
	army_budget3
	airforce_budget3
	navy_budget5
	police_budget5
	industry_budget4
	engineering_budget4
	infrastructure_budget4
	foreign_volunteers
}

set_convoys = 400

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1898.8.10"
	election_frequency = 60
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	fascism = 2
	communism = 3
	democratic = 35
	neutrality = 60
}

# PUPPET KOREA
if = {
	limit = {
		has_start_date > 1900.01.01
		has_start_date < 1918.01.01
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = KOR
		autonomous_state = autonomy_integrated_puppet
	}
}

1905.1.1 = {
	if = {
		limit = {
			has_start_date > 1904.01.01
			has_start_date < 1906.01.01
		}

		declare_war_on = { target = RUS type = annex_everything }
	}
}

1910.1.1 = {
	if = {
		limit = {
			has_start_date > 1909.1.1
			has_start_date < 1911.1.1
		}
		#country_event = { id = ww1_japan.5 days = 234 }
		country_event = { id = ww1_japan.6 days = 941 }
	}

	oob = "JAP_1910"
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = neutrality
		last_election = "1908.5.15"
		election_frequency = 60
		elections_allowed = no
	}

	set_popularities = {
		fascism = 2
		communism = 3
		democratic = 35
		neutrality = 60
	}

	set_technology = {
		tech_support = 1
		early_infantry_weapons = 1
		light_field_gun1 = 1
		heavy_field_gun1 = 1
		early_support_weapons = 1
		ww1_armoured_car = 1
		tank_engine = 1
		WW1_tech_engineers = 1
		WW1_tech_recon = 1
		WW1_tech_military_police = 1
		WW1_tech_maintenance_company = 1
		tech_mortar = 1
		# Navy
		ww1_heavy_cruiser0 = 1
		ww1_heavy_cruiser1 = 1
		ww1_battlecruiser0 = 1
		ww1_battlecruiser1 = 1
		ww1_light_cruiser0 = 1
		ww1_light_cruiser1 = 1
		ww1_light_cruiser2 = 1
		ww1_light_cruiser3 = 1
		ww1_submarine0 = 1
		ww1_submarine1 = 1
		ww1_coastal_submarine1 = 1
		ww1_battleship0 = 1
		ww1_battleship1 = 1
		ww1_battleship2 = 1
		ww1_battleship3 = 1
		ww1_destroyer0 = 1
		ww1_destroyer1 = 1
		ww1_destroyer2 = 1
		ww1_destroyer3 = 1
		ww1_moduleMTG_mines = 1    # Mines
		transport = 1
		horses = 1
		ww1_motorised_infantry = 1
		ww1_electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
	}

	retire_character = JAP_genichiro_fukuchi
	recruit_character = JAP_mineo_osumi		
	recruit_character = JAP_kazushige_ugaki
}

1914.1.1 = {
	oob = "JAP_1914"
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = neutrality
		last_election = "1912.5.15"
		election_frequency = 60
		elections_allowed = no
	}	
	recruit_character = JAP_heisuke_yanagawa	
	recruit_character = JAP_yoshiyuki_tatekawa	
	recruit_character = JAP_nobumasa_suetsugu		
}

1919.1.1 = {
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = neutrality
		last_election = "1917.4.20"
		election_frequency = 60
		elections_allowed = no
	}	
	retire_character = JAP_mutsuhito
	add_country_leader_role = {
		character = JAP_yoshihito
		promote_leader = yes
		country_leader={
			ideology=semi_constitutional_monarchy
			expire = "1926.12.25"
			traits={ emperor_taisho warrior_code }
		}
	}

	recruit_character = JAP_takeo_kurita
	recruit_character = JAP_shiro_ishii
	recruit_character = JAP_jinzaburo_masaki
	recruit_character = JAP_yoshiyuki_kawashima	
	recruit_character = JAP_kesago_nakajima
	recruit_character = JAP_sato_kenryo	
	recruit_character = JAP_shigeru_fukudome
	recruit_character = JAP_kyuichi_tokuda
}

1925.1.1 = {
	set_global_flag = great_kanto_earthquake
	set_portraits = {
		character = JAP_kanin_kotohito
		army = {
			large = "gfx/leaders/JAP/Portrait_Japan_Prince_Kanin_Kotohito.dds"
		}
	}	

	recruit_character = JAP_yasuhito
	recruit_character = JAP_raizo_tanaka
}

1930.1.1 = {
	set_portraits = {
		character = JAP_hirohito
		civilian = {
			large = "gfx/leaders/JAP/INT/Portrait_JAP_Hirohito_1930.dds"
		}
	}
	retire_character = JAP_yoshihito	

	recruit_character = JAP_kishi_nobusuke
}

1933.1.1 = {
	set_global_flag = manchukuo
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = fascism
		last_election = "1932.2.20"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = no
	}
	set_popularities = {
		fascism = 100
	}
	add_country_leader_role = {
		character = JAP_saito_makoto
		promote_leader = yes
		country_leader = {
			ideology = japanese_fascism
			expire = "1936.2.26.1"
			#traits = { aligned_with_the_navy }
		}
	}
	add_country_leader_role = {
		character = JAP_hirohito
		promote_leader = yes
		country_leader={
			ideology=semi_constitutional_monarchy
			expire = "1989.1.7"
			traits={ emperor_showa warrior_code }
		}
	}
	set_air_oob = "JAP_1936_air_bba"

    set_technology = {
		infantry_weapons = 1
		infantry_weapons1 = 1
		tech_support = 1
		tech_recon = 1
		tech_engineers = 1
		motorised_infantry = 1
		marines = 1
		gw_artillery = 1
		basic_light_tank = 1
		#basic_heavy_tank = 1  # PLACEHOLDER
		#basic_medium_tank = 1 # PLACEHOLDER
		trench_warfare = 1
		base_strike = 1
		fuel_silos = 1
		synth_oil_experiments = 1
		fuel_refining = 1
		early_submarine = 1
		basic_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		basic_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		basic_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		basic_battleship = 1
		early_battlecruiser = 1
		early_carrier = 1
		basic_carrier = 1
		transport = 1
	}

	# MAN
	if = {
		limit = {
			has_start_date > 1932.01.01
			has_start_date < 1946.01.01
		}
		set_autonomy = {
			target = MAN
			autonomous_state = autonomy_wtt_imperial_protectorate
		}
		add_to_faction = MAN
	}

	if = {
		limit = {
			has_start_date > 1932.01.01
			has_start_date < 1990.01.01
		}
		add_ideas = {
			RON_Hirohito
		}
	}

	if = {
		limit = {
			has_start_date > 1932.01.01
			has_start_date < 1946.01.01
		}
		add_ideas = {
			limited_exports
			limited_conscription
			mantetsu_profits
			machurian_crops
			partial_economic_mobilisation
			JAP_zaibatsus_I
			JAP_duplicate_research_efforts
			great_famine
			JAP_militarism
			JAP_imperial_sanctions_I
			JAP_militarists_I5
			JAP_period_of_significant_economic_growth_I1
			JAP_foreign_training_of_ija_generals_I
		}
	}

	recruit_character = JAP_takuo_godo
	recruit_character = JAP_chiune_sugihara
	recruit_character = JAP_kingoro_hashimoto
	recruit_character = JAP_sanzo_nosaka
	recruit_character = JAP_hiroshi_oshima
	recruit_character = JAP_kijuro_shidehara

	oob = "JAP_1933"
	set_naval_oob = "JAP_1933_naval_legacy"
}

1936.1.1 = {
	set_air_oob = "JAP_1936_air_bba"
	if = {
		limit = {
			has_start_date > 1935.01.01
			has_start_date < 1947.01.01
		}

		unlock_national_focus = Japan_operation_nekka
		unlock_national_focus = Japan_the_tanggu_truce
		unlock_national_focus = Japan_the_tokubetsukeibitai
		complete_national_focus = JAP_address_the_famine
		unlock_national_focus = JAP_emergency_land_reform
		complete_national_focus = JAP_help_the_people
		complete_national_focus = JAP_the_showa_speech
		unlock_national_focus = JAP_import_all_we_can
		unlock_national_focus = JAP_enact_prize_controls
		unlock_national_focus = JAP_the_worst_is_over
		complete_national_focus = JAP_no_more_famines
		complete_national_focus = JAP_new_naval_estimates
	}
	if = {
		limit = {
			has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
			has_start_date > 1935.01.01
			has_start_date < 1948.01.01
		}
		add_ideas = MTG_naval_treaty_adherent
	}
	oob = "JAP_1936"
	set_naval_oob = "JAP_1936_naval_legacy"
	if = {
		limit = {
			has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Ki-10"
			type = small_plane_airframe_7
			modules = {
				fixed_main_weapon_slot = light_mg_2x
				engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
				special_type_slot_1 = empty
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Ki-2"
			type = small_plane_cas_airframe_7
			modules = {
				fixed_main_weapon_slot = small_bomb_bay_2
				engine_type_slot = engine_5_2x
				special_type_slot_1 = lmg_defense_turret
			}
			icon = "GFX_JAP_CAS1_medium"
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Ki-1"
			type = medium_plane_airframe_1
			modules = {
				fixed_main_weapon_slot = medium_bomb_bay_2
				engine_type_slot = engine_5_2x
				special_type_slot_1 = lmg_defense_turret
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Ki-3"
			type = small_plane_cas_airframe_7
			modules = {
				fixed_main_weapon_slot = bomb_locks_3
				engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
				special_type_slot_1 = lmg_defense_turret
			}
			icon = "GFX_JAP_CAS1_medium"
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Aichi D1A2"
			type = cv_small_plane_cas_airframe_0
			modules = {
				fixed_main_weapon_slot = bomb_locks_3
				engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
				special_type_slot_1 = dive_brakes_small
			}
			icon = "GFX_JAP_CAS1_medium"
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "A4N"
			type = cv_small_plane_airframe_0
			modules = {
				fixed_main_weapon_slot = light_mg_2x
				engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
				special_type_slot_1 = empty
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "B2M"
			type = cv_small_plane_naval_bomber_airframe_0
			modules = {
				fixed_main_weapon_slot = torpedo_mounting_1
				engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
				special_type_slot_1 = empty
			}
			obsolete = yes
			icon = "GFX_JAP_cv_naval_bomber1_medium"
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "B4Y"
			type = cv_small_plane_naval_bomber_airframe_1
			modules = {
				fixed_main_weapon_slot = torpedo_mounting_1
				fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = bomb_locks_3
				engine_type_slot = engine_2_1x
				special_type_slot_1 = empty
			}
			icon = "GFX_JAP_cv_naval_bomber1_medium"
		}
		set_air_oob = "JAP_1936_air_bba"

		else = {
			set_air_oob = "JAP_1936_air_legacy"
		}
	}
	
	set_technology = {
		infantry_weapons = 1
		infantry_weapons1 = 1
		tech_support = 1
		tech_recon = 1
		tech_engineers = 1
		motorised_infantry = 1
		marines = 1
		gw_artillery = 1
		basic_light_tank = 1
		#basic_heavy_tank = 1  # PLACEHOLDER
		#basic_medium_tank = 1 # PLACEHOLDER
		trench_warfare = 1
		base_strike = 1
		fuel_silos = 1
		synth_oil_experiments = 1
		fuel_refining = 1
		early_submarine = 1
		basic_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		basic_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		basic_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		basic_battleship = 1
		early_battlecruiser = 1
		early_carrier = 1
		basic_carrier = 1
		transport = 1
	}
	if = {
		limit = {
			has_dlc = "No Step Back"
		}
		set_technology = {
			motorised_infantry = 1
			basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
			#basic_medium_tank_chassis = 1
			#basic_heavy_tank_chassis = 1
		}
	}
	create_import = {
		resource = oil
		factories = 2
		exporter = USA
	}
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = fascism
		last_election = "1936.1.1"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = no
	}
	set_popularities = {
		fascism = 100
	}

	recruit_character = JAP_shigeru_yoshida

	### VARIANTS ###
	# 1936 Start #
	### Carrier Variants
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Akagi Class"
		type = carrier_1
		parent_version = 0
		upgrades = {
			ship_deckspace_upgrade = 5
			carrier_armor_upgrade = 2
			ship_engine_upgrade = 2
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 3
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	### Battleship Variants
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Ise Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 2
			ship_engine_upgrade = 3
			ship_armor_upgrade = 1
			ship_gun_upgrade = 1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Nagato Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 1
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 3
			ship_engine_upgrade = 4
			ship_armor_upgrade = 3
			ship_gun_upgrade = 4
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	### Heavy Cruiser Variants
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Myoko Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 2
			ship_engine_upgrade = 2
			ship_armor_upgrade = 2
			ship_gun_upgrade = 3
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	### Light Cruiser Variants
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Kuma Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 2
			ship_engine_upgrade = 2
			ship_gun_upgrade = 1
			ship_anti_air_upgrade = 1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Sendai Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 1
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 2
			ship_engine_upgrade = 3
			ship_gun_upgrade = 1
			ship_anti_air_upgrade = 2
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	### Destroyer Variants
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Fubuki Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		parent_version = 0
		upgrades = {
			ship_torpedo_upgrade = 2
			destroyer_engine_upgrade = 4
			ship_ASW_upgrade = 2
			ship_anti_air_upgrade = 2
		}
	}
	### Submarine Variants
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Kaidai III Class"
		type = submarine_1
		parent_version = 0
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 3
			sub_engine_upgrade = 3
			sub_stealth_upgrade = 1
			sub_torpedo_upgrade = 2
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
}

1939.1.1 = {
	oob = "JAP_1939"
	set_naval_oob = "JAP_1939_naval_legacy"

	retire_character = JAP_saito_makoto

	add_country_leader_role = {
		character = JAP_kiichiro_hiranuma
		promote_leader = yes
		country_leader={
			ideology = japanese_fascism
			expire = "1939.8.30" # Died in 1952
		}
	}

	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = fascism
		last_election = "1937.4.30"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = no
	}	

	# MEN
	if = {
		limit = {
			has_start_date < 1946.01.01
		}
		set_autonomy = {
			target = MEN
			autonomous_state = autonomy_wtt_imperial_protectorate
		}
		add_to_faction = MEN
	}

	#### 1939-1945 Stuff
	if = {
		limit = {
			has_start_date > 1939.01.01
			has_start_date < 1946.01.01
		}
		set_rule = { can_create_factions = yes }
		create_faction = JAP_greater_east_asian_co_prosperity_sphere
		add_to_faction = JAP
		add_to_faction = MEN
		add_to_faction = MAN

		unlock_national_focus = Japan_shikan_gakko_jiken
		unlock_national_focus = JAP_purge_the_kodoha_faction
		complete_national_focus = JAP_guide_the_zaibatsus
		complete_national_focus = JAP_Mitsui
		complete_national_focus = JAP_Mitsubishi
		unlock_national_focus = JAP_test_the_ussr_focus
		unlock_national_focus = JAP_test_the_chinese_focus
		unlock_national_focus = JAP_chinese_war_focus
		unlock_national_focus = Japan_chahar_agreement
		complete_national_focus = Japan_complain_about_khalkhyn
		complete_national_focus = Japan_chindoihara_agreement
		complete_national_focus = JAP_liaison_conference
		unlock_national_focus = JAP_greater_east_asian_co_prosperity_sphere
		unlock_national_focus = JAP_national_mobilization_law
		complete_national_focus = JAP_army_expansion_law
		complete_national_focus = JAP_army_expansion
		complete_national_focus = JAP_the_manchurian_project

		add_ideas = {
			war_economy
			service_by_requirement
			closed_economy
		}

		declare_war_on = { target = CHI type = annex_everything }
	}

}

1940.1.1 = {
	oob = "JAP_1940"
	set_naval_oob = "JAP_1940_naval_legacy"

	if = {
		limit = {
			has_start_date > 1939.01.01
			has_start_date < 1946.01.01
		}
		complete_national_focus = JAP_armored_divisions
		complete_national_focus = JAP_modern_artillery
		complete_national_focus = JAP_small_arms_modernization
		complete_national_focus = JAP_national_research_policy
		complete_national_focus = JAP_Research
		complete_national_focus = JAP_Slot_1
		complete_national_focus = JAP_cruiser_modernization
		complete_national_focus = JAP_long_lance_torpedoes
		unlock_national_focus = JAP_secure_china
		complete_national_focus = JAP_supremacy_of_technology
		complete_national_focus = JAP_fighter_modernization
		complete_national_focus = JAP_fortify_the_border
	}

	remove_country_leader_role = {
		character = JAP_nobuyuki_abe
		ideology = japanese_fascism
	}
	add_country_leader_role = {
		character = JAP_mitsumasa_yonai
		promote_leader = yes
		country_leader={
			ideology = japanese_fascism
			expire = "1940.7.22" # Died in 1948
			traits = { silent_workhorse JAP_yonai_T }
			#traits = { aligned_with_the_navy }
		}
	}
}

1941.1.1 = {
	oob = "JAP_1941"
	set_naval_oob = "JAP_1941_naval_legacy"

	if = {
		limit = {
			has_start_date > 1939.01.01
			has_start_date < 1946.01.01
		}
		unlock_national_focus = JAP_nationalize_war_industry
		unlock_national_focus = JAP_non_aggression_pact_with_the_soviet_union
		complete_national_focus = JAP_coal_liquification
		complete_national_focus = JAP_Southern
		complete_national_focus = JAP_Nagasaki_Shipyards
		complete_national_focus = JAP_Ship_Subtechs
		complete_national_focus = JAP_Navy_Doctrine
		complete_national_focus = JAP_torpedo_cruisers
		complete_national_focus = JAP_bicycle_battalions
		complete_national_focus = JAP_expand_manchurian_railways
		complete_national_focus = JAP_heavy_industry_development
	}

	remove_country_leader_role = {
		character = JAP_mitsumasa_yonai
		ideology = japanese_fascism
	}
	add_country_leader_role = {
		character = JAP_fumimaro_konoe
		promote_leader = yes
		country_leader={
			ideology = japanese_fascism
			expire = "1941.10.18" # Committed suicide in 1945
			#traits = { aligned_with_the_army }
		}
	}
}

1942.1.1 = {
	oob = "JAP_1942"
	set_naval_oob = "JAP_1942_naval_legacy"

	remove_country_leader_role = {
		character = JAP_fumimaro_konoe
		ideology = japanese_fascism
	}
	add_country_leader_role = {
		character = JAP_hideki_tojo
		promote_leader = yes
		country_leader={
			ideology = japanese_fascism
			expire = "1944.7.22" # Executed in 1948
			traits = { JAP_tojo_T }
			#traits = { aligned_with_the_navy }
		}
	}

	if = {
		limit = {
			has_start_date > 1942.01.01
			has_start_date < 1946.01.01
		}
		add_named_threat = { threat = 30 name = JAP_bookmark_threat }

		add_ideas = tot_economic_mobilisation

		set_autonomy = {
			target = SIA
			autonomous_state = autonomy_puppet
		}
		add_to_faction = SIA

		declare_war_on = { target = USA type = annex_everything }
		declare_war_on = { target = ENG type = annex_everything }
		declare_war_on = { target = FRA type = annex_everything }
		declare_war_on = { target = HOL type = annex_everything }

		complete_national_focus = JAP_naval_innovations_focus
		complete_national_focus = JAP_carrier_focus
		complete_national_focus = JAP_naval_air_innovations_focus
		complete_national_focus = JAP_Kawasaki_Docks
		complete_national_focus = JAP_Ports
		complete_national_focus = JAP_southern_expansion
		complete_national_focus = JAP_carrier_warfare_experiments
		complete_national_focus = JAP_expand_the_snlf
		complete_national_focus = JAP_first_air_fleet
		complete_national_focus = JAP_agility_focus
		unlock_national_focus = JAP_demand_indochina_focus
		unlock_national_focus = JAP_strike_usa_focus
		unlock_national_focus = JAP_siamese_puppet_focus
		unlock_national_focus = JAP_strike_on_the_southern_resource_area
	}

}

1943.1.1 = {
	oob = "JAP_1943"
	set_naval_oob = "JAP_1943_naval_legacy"
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = fascism
		last_election = "1942.4.30"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = no
	}

	if = {
		limit = {
			has_start_date > 1942.01.01
			has_start_date < 1946.01.01
		}
		complete_national_focus = JAP_naval_base_focus
		complete_national_focus = JAP_naval_air_innovations_focus_2
		complete_national_focus = JAP_exploit_the_southern_resource_area
		complete_national_focus = JAP_the_new_bushido
		complete_national_focus = JAP_modern_escorts
		complete_national_focus = JAP_the_zero
		complete_national_focus = JAP_range_focus
		complete_national_focus = JAP_the_new_bushido
		complete_national_focus = JAP_expand_showa_steel_works
	}
}

1944.1.1 = {
	oob = "JAP_1944"
	if = {
		limit = {
			has_start_date > 1942.01.01
			has_start_date < 1946.01.01
		}
		complete_national_focus = jap_improved_sprit_focus
		complete_national_focus = JAP_subvert_india_focus
		complete_national_focus = JAP_Rikusentai
		complete_national_focus = JAP_defence_of_korea
		complete_national_focus = JAP_the_true_spirit_of_the_meiji_restoration
		complete_national_focus = JAP_national_defense_state
		complete_national_focus = JAP_bomber_modernization
		complete_national_focus = JAP_strategic_bomber_effort
		complete_national_focus = JAP_unified_fighter_development
		complete_national_focus = JAP_light_industry_development
	}
}

1945.1.1 = {
	oob = "JAP_1945"
	if = {
		limit = {
			has_start_date > 1942.01.01
			has_start_date < 1946.01.01
		}
		complete_national_focus = JAP_fortress_japan_focus
		complete_national_focus = JAP_unite_the_fronts
		complete_national_focus = JAP_spiritual_mobilization
		complete_national_focus = JAP_warrior_spirit
		complete_national_focus = JAP_strengthen_the_divine_wind
		complete_national_focus = JAP_jet_prototypes
		complete_national_focus = JAP_kempeitai
		complete_national_focus = JAP_manchurian_japanese_economic_union
	}

	set_portraits = {
		character = JAP_hirohito
		civilian = {
			large = "gfx/leaders/JAP/Portrait_Japan_Hirohito.dds"
		}
	}

	recruit_character = JAP_hiroya_ino
}

1946.1.1 = {

	oob = "JAP_1946"
	set_naval_oob = "JAP_1946_naval_legacy"

	if = {
		limit = {
			has_start_date > 1945.12.31
			has_start_date < 1952.4.28
		}
		set_cosmetic_tag = JAP_OCCUPIED
	}

	add_ideas = {
		#laws
		export_focus
		tax_average
		tariffs_average
		civilian_economy
		press_free
		key_industries
		fdi_allowed
		train_medium
		officer_train_low
		security_liberty_first
		education_budget5
		health_budget5
		army_budget1
		airforce_budget1
		navy_budget1
		police_budget3
		industry_budget4
		engineering_budget4
		infrastructure_budget4
	}

	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = democratic
		last_election = "1946.1.1"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = yes
	}
	set_popularities = {
		democratic = 100
	}

	add_country_leader_role = {
		character = JAP_shigeru_yoshida
		promote_leader = yes
		country_leader={
			ideology = conservatism
			expire = "1968.1.1" 
			traits = { HUN_popular_liberal staunch_anti_fascist }
		}		
	}

	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Douglas MacArthur"
		picture = "gfx/leaders/USA/CW/Douglas_MacArthur.dds"
		expire = "1952.4.28"
		ideology = democratic_militarism
	}

	retire_character = JAP_yoshiyuki_kawashima	
	retire_character = JAP_kesago_nakajima	
	retire_character = JAP_yoshiyuki_tatekawa	
	retire_character = JAP_nobumasa_suetsugu	
	retire_character = JAP_mineo_osumi				
}

1949.1.1 = {
	oob = "JAP_1949"
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = democratic
		last_election = "1947.4.25"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = yes
	}
	set_popularities = {
		democratic = 100
	}
	retire_character = JAP_heisuke_yanagawa
}

1952.1.1 = {
	retire_character = JAP_yasuhito

	add_country_leader_role = {
		character = JAP_sanzo_nosaka
		promote_leader = yes
		country_leader={
			ideology = marxism
			expire = "1993.1.1" 
			traits = { communist_orator economic_reformer }
		}		
	}

	recruit_character = JAP_takeo_fukuda
}

1960.1.1 = {
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = democratic
		last_election = "1958.5.22"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = yes
	}
	set_popularities = {
		democratic = 88
		communism = 8
		fascism = 4
	}
	add_country_leader_role = {
		character = JAP_kishi_nobusuke
		promote_leader = yes
		country_leader={
			ideology = conservatism
			expire = "1980.1.1" 
			traits = { conservative_nationalist dealbroker economic_reformer }
		}		
	}
	set_portraits = {
		character = JAP_hirohito
		civilian = {
			large = "gfx/leaders/JAP/CW/Portrait_JAP_Old_Hirohito_1970.dds"
		}
	}	

	retire_character = JAP_takeo_kurita
	retire_character = JAP_shiro_ishii
	retire_character = JAP_jinzaburo_masaki
	retire_character = JAP_sato_kenryo	
	retire_character = JAP_shigeru_fukudome	
	retire_character = JAP_kazushige_ugaki	
}

1970.1.1 = {
	oob = "JAP_1970"
	set_naval_oob = "JAP_1970_naval_legacy"
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = democratic
		last_election = "1969.12.27"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = yes
	}
	set_popularities = {
		democratic = 88
		communism = 8
		fascism = 4
	}

	retire_character = JAP_shigeru_yoshida
	
	add_country_leader_role = {
		character = JAP_eisaku_soto
		promote_leader = yes
		country_leader={
			ideology = market_liberalism
			expire = "1976.1.1" 
			traits = { NIC_confident_liberal }
		}		
	}
}

1980.1.1 = {
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = democratic
		last_election = "1979.10.7"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = yes
	}	

	add_country_leader_role = {
		character = JAP_masayoshi_ohira
		promote_leader = yes
		country_leader={
			ideology = conservatism
			expire = "1981.1.1" 
			traits = { }
		}		
	}

	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Akihito"
		picture = "gfx/leaders/JAP/CW/Portrait_JAP_Akihito.dds"
		expire = "2019.4.30"
		ideology = despotism
	}
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Kazuo Shii"
		picture = "gfx/leaders/JAP/CW/Portrait_JAP_Kazuo_Shii_Lw_Socialism_1990.dds"
		ideology = lw_socialism
		
	}
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Yamada Kazunari"
		picture = "gfx/leaders/JAP/CW/Portrait_JAP_Yamada_Kazunari_Neo_Nazism_1980.dds"
		
		ideology = neo_nazism
	}

	retire_character = JAP_hiroya_ino
	retire_character = JAP_kishi_nobusuke
	retire_character = JAP_eisaku_soto	
}

1990.1.1 = {
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = democratic
		last_election = "1986.7.6"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = yes
	}

    retire_character = JAP_takeo_fukuda

	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Toshiki Kaifu"
		picture = "gfx/leaders/JAP/CW/Portrait_JAP_Japan_Toshiki_Kaifu.dds"
		
		ideology = conservatism
	}
}

2000.1.1 = {
	oob = "JAP_2000"
	set_naval_oob = "JAP_2000_naval_legacy"
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = democratic
		last_election = "1996.10.20"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = yes
	}
	set_popularities = {
		democratic = 100
	}

	retire_character = JAP_sanzo_nosaka

	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Keizō Obuchi"
		picture = "gfx/leaders/JAP/MD/Japan_Keizō_Obuchi.dds"
		
		ideology = market_liberalism
	}
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Naruhito"
		picture = "gfx/leaders/JAP/CW/Portrait_JAP_Naruhito.dds"
		
		ideology = despotism
	}
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Akihito"
		picture = "gfx/leaders/JAP/CW/Portrait_JAP_Akihito.dds"
		expire = "2019.4.30"
		ideology = despotism
	}
}
2008.1.1 = {
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Yasuo Fukuda"
		picture = "gfx/leaders/JAP/MD/Yasuo_Fukuda.dds"
		
		ideology = liberalism
	}
}


2016.1.1 = {
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Shinzo Abe"
		picture = "gfx/leaders/JAP/MD/Japan_ShinzoAbe.dds"
		
		ideology = democratic_nationalism
	}
}

2019.4.30 = {
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Naruhito"
		picture = "gfx/leaders/JAP/CW/Naruhito.dds"
		
		ideology = despotism
	}
}

2020.1.1 = {
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Shinzo Abe"
		picture = "gfx/leaders/JAP/MD/JAP_Shinzo_Abe.dds"
		
		ideology = democratic_nationalism
	}
}