RON_universal_setup = yes

capital = 641

#oob = ""

set_convoys = 20

recruit_character = TAH_pot
recruit_character = TAH_awt
recruit_character = TAH_communist_guy
recruit_character = TAH_ncm
recruit_character = TAH_acgs
recruit_character = TAH_nccr
recruit_character = TAH_fascist_guy
recruit_character = TAH_ar
recruit_character = TAH_stc
recruit_character = TAH_aco2
recruit_character = TAH_aa2
recruit_character = TAH_ncs
recruit_character = TAH_nt
recruit_character = TAH_acas
recruit_character = TAH_acd2
recruit_character = TAH_democratic_guy
recruit_character = TAH_mt
recruit_character = TAH_ai2
recruit_character = TAH_coi
recruit_character = TAH_acr

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 38
	fascism = 6
	communism = 6
	neutrality = 50
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Teri'i-nui-o-Tahiti a Pomare"
	desc = ""
	picture = GFX_portrait_Terii_nui_o_Tahiti_a_Pomare
	ideology = despotism
	female = yes
	traits = {
		#
	}
}
